hi everyone this is dave from geek
annoyed scott UK and this is my review
of the griffin simplify this is an
iphone and ipod dock with a built-in
card reader and a two port USB hub check
out my review after this short break
welcome back this is the Griffin
simplify from griffin technology and
this is a dock for your ipod or iphone
with a little bit of a difference now
before i show you the device itself i'll
show you what you get inside the box you
get a USB cable you get the power
adapter you also get some dog adapt
inserts now these are supplied for all
of the latest connecting ipods and the
iphone including the 3gs and the 3g
these actually slip into the top of the
device here and just give you a nice
snug fit depending on which version of
the ipod or iphone you've got now on to
the device itself this has got a nice
anodized silver finish on here it's
actually anodized aluminum and it's got
a nice solid feel to it now apart from
that dock connector on the top for
synchronizing and charging your ipod or
iphone you've also got some additional
functionality with this device you've
got to memory card slots on the front
the one on this side supports compact
flash and on this side it supports SD
and SDHC cards as well as XD memory
stick and memory stick pro so very very
useful the fact that you're getting that
all in one device griffin take things
one step further dough for a move around
to the back of the device you've also
got a USB connector here which gives you
access to a two port USB to hub on this
side of the device you're gaining it
back a couple of usb2 ports as well
which is always useful for all of those
additional peripherals you might connect
to your mac well the griffin simplify
cost 29 pounds in the UK or you're going
to pay thirty-five dollars in the u.s.
it's nice and solid it's got a nice
weight to it and it really is a useful
device I really really like the simplify
and I think I can see me using it a lot
more than my standard apple dock purely
because of the fact it integrates that
memory card reader and the extra two
usb2 ports on the back well thanks very
much for listening come back soon and
check out more reviews on geek annoyed
co uk this video review is sponsored by
easy draw making drawing fun on Mac OS